# Estimator Wizard plugin for Craft CMS 3.x

Manage front end estimations from wizard steps.


## Requirements

This plugin requires Craft CMS 3.1.0 or later.

## Installation

To install the plugin, follow these instructions.

> This plugin can only be installed from internal Github account so the composer.json file's repositories array will need to reference the repo for this plugin. 

    "repositories": [
        {
            "type": "vcs",
            "url": "https://github.com/leaplogic/estimator-wizard"
        }
    ]

1. Open your terminal and go to your Craft project:

        cd /path/to/project

2. Then tell Composer to load the plugin:

        composer require leaplogic/estimator-wizard


3. In the Control Panel, go to Settings → Plugins and click the “Install” button for Estimator Wizard.

## Estimator Wizard Overview

Manages and saves lead estimates generated by user on website.  If user's zip code is in whitelist for Sales user role they will see contact information.  If the user's zipcode is not in whitelist the Sales user role will not see the leads contact information.  If they verify it is a qualified contact then they have the ability to change status to qualified.  The Sales user role only can change between two statues, [Qualified, Unqualified (Out of Area)]. This role also has the ability to add notes to the notes field. All status changes are recorded and can't be deleted.

Admin user role has the ability to see all contact info regardless of status and can make changes to any available status.

## Configuring Estimator Wizard

After installation there are several settings that need to have input. 
1. Email Template Path - this input allows you to add a local path from the templates folder to the template that will server up the email the user was sent and show them in the browser.
2. Zip Code Whitelist - This input requires a comma deliniated list of zipcodes.  If a users enter one of these as their zipcode then it becomes a `Qualified` lead estimate. If not then it is an `Unqualified (Out of Area)` lead estimate.
3. Non-Whitelist Initial Status - this is the status that is selected if the user's zipcode is not in the whitelist.


Brought to you by [Leap Logic](https://leaplogic.net)
